[Music]
it's not a drill
you warn out here my daughters with me
dad let's go can you tell me where you
live in the park
there's 435 questions respond true/false
to each question who taught you how to
read my dad teaches me you're actually
quite a bit ahead of where you need to
be I wake up rested and peaceful most
morning true my day-to-day life is full
of things that keep me interested true I
have nightmares or troubling dreams is
your dad in the service yours
do you feel safe living with your dad we
didn't need to be rescued your dad needs
to provide you shelter and a place to
live he did it's not a crime to be in
Houston but it's illegal to live on
public land we have found an option
we're gonna be okay here just to think
our own thoughts
look we want to go
school is about social skills not just
intellectual ones thinking might be
easier on us if we try to adapt wearing
their clothes were in their house
reading the food we're doing their work
we have adapted
Thanks
did you even try so I can tell somebody
leisure home with my dad
same thing that's wrong with you isn't
wrong with me
well you guys have it I don't think they
knew where we were going
[Music]
[Applause]
you